---
title: "USAPL SBWC Fall Classic - 255kg @ 61.55kg | 278 Wilks"
date: 2015-09-12
tags: ["meet report"]
markup: "mmark"
---

Stats: Female, 170 cm (5'7"), 22 yrs, 61.55 kg (136 lbs). First meet.

I went 9/9: 82.5/52.5/120 = 255 kg (562 lbs). 278 Wilks.

**Training / Meet Prep**

I have been lifting for a year now. I did Starting Strength for 8 months, and Texas Method for 4. I treated meet week like a normal Texas Method week, except I also tested my openers on Monday, and I skipped intensity day Friday. My openers were a bit lighter than my best intensity day triples. 

Since I am usually 64 kg (141 lbs), I decided to do a water cut for this meet to make the 63 kg weight class, roughly following Mr. PowerliftingToWin's guide for 2-hour weigh-ins. I cut more water than I was expecting.

**Squat**

* 75 kg (165 lbs) - 3/3. Good thing I started out light because I forgot to breathe.
* 80 kg (176 lbs) - 3/3. 
* 82.5 kg (182 lbs) - 3/3. Felt pretty easy. Could have done 85 or more.

**Bench**

* 45 kg (99 lbs) - 2/3. A judge said that I was too fast to rack. I think she was right, so I made sure to pay more attention to the commands. Also, I learned that you can't leave the thumbs in the loop in the wrist wraps (I only use them for bench and deadlift). Mr. PowerliftingToWin did not mention that part in his wrist wrap demo video.
* 50 kg (110 lbs) - 3/3.
* 52.5 kg (115 lbs) -3/3. A bit grind-y, but may have been able to do 55.

**Deadlift**

* 110 kg (243 lbs) - 3/3.
* 115 kg (254 lbs) - 3/3.
* 120 kg (265 lbs) - 3/3. Unsure if I can pull more because my deadlifts either come up all the way or they don't budge.

**Thoughts / Conclusions**

* Very good meet, got 9/9 and PRs on all lifts.
* Got first place in the junior 63 kg division! It was out of two people.
* This was really fun, and I definitely want to do another meet.
* /r/powerlifting should have a meet report template because I just made this template up.

**Going forward**

* Choose higher second and third attempts.
* Learn how to low-bar squat.
* Improve bench with more upper body volume.
* Gain more muscles to go up a weight class. Most of these women in 63kg were shorter than I.